In an SQL query, which SQL keyword must be used to remove duplicate rows from the result table?DISTINCT
In an SQL query, which of the following symbols is used by ANSI-92 SQL to represent a single unspecified character?_ (underscore)
Given a table with the structure: EMPLOYEE (EmpNo, Name, Salary, HireDate), which of the following would find all employees whose name begins with the letter "S" using standard SQL?SELECT *FROM EMPLOYEE WHERE Name LIKE 'S%';
In an SQL query, which SQL keyword is used with GROUP BY to select groups meeting specified criteria?HAVING
Based on the tables below, which of the following ANSI SQL commands would return the average customer Balance grouped by SalesRepNo?	SELECT AVG (Balance) FROM CUSTOMER GROUP BY SalesRepNo;
What is the most common type of DBMS Model ?Relational
Who is the creator of the Relational Model ?E.F. Codd, IBM researcher
For the statement :    SELECT     x    FROM  y; x   can be   Columns of tables that exist in table  y
For the statement   SELECT     x       FROM  y; y   can be   Tables
Metadata  is 	Data about data
The columns of a relation are sometimes called "tuples"False
A relation can have only one candidate key 	False
Which of the following is true in a relation? The order of the rows is unimportant
When designing a database, one of the candidate keys in a relation is selected as the:primary key
If the removal of facts about one entity results in the unintentional loss of data about another entity, this is referred to as a(n):deletion anomaly

A database stores data and relationships.
A surrogate key is a primary key field that is automatically assigned by the computer. 
The Database Management System (DBMS) creates, processes, and administers databases.
Structured Query Language (SQL) is an internationally recognized standard database language that is used by all commercial DBMSs.
A database is a self-describing collection of integrated tables.
The tables are called integrated because they store data about the relationships between the rows of data.
A database is called self-describing because it stores a description of itself.
The self-describing data is called metadata, which is data about data.
The Microsoft Access DBMS engine is called the Access Data Engine (ADE).
The dominant database model is the relational database model—all current major DBMS products are based on it.
It was created by IBM engineer E. F. Codd in 1970.
It was based on mathematics called relational algebra.
Business intelligence (BI) systems are information systems that assist managers and other professionals:AssessmentAnalysisPlanningControl
Ad-hoc queries:Questions that can be answered using database data
Structured Query Language (SQL) was developed by the IBM Corporation in the late 1970’s.
SQL was endorsed as a U.S. national standard by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) in 1992 [SQL-92].
SQL is not a full featured programming language.
C, C#, Java
SQL is a data sublanguage for creating and processing database data and metadata.
SQL is ubiquitous in enterprise-class DBMS products.
SQL programming is a critical skill. 
SQL statements can be divided into five categories:Data definition language (DDL)
Data manipulation language (DML) statementsSQL/Persistent Stored Modules (SQL/PSM) statementsTransaction control language (TCL) statementsData control language (DCL) statements
The SQL LIKE operator and SQL NOT LIKE operator can be combined with wildcard symbols:
SQL 92 Standard (SQL Server, MySQL, etc.): _    =   exactly one character %  =   any set of one or more characters
Microsoft Access (based on MS DOS) ?    =   exactly one character *     =   any set of one or more characters
SQL provides two different techniques for querying data from multiple tables:             The SQL subquery The SQL join
A set is represented by a labeled circle.
A subset is a portion of a set that is contained entirely within the set.
The union of two sets represents a set that contains all values in both sets. This is equivalent to an OR logical operation(A OR B).
The intersection of two sets represents the area common to both sets. This is equivalent to an AND logical operation(A AND B).
The complement of set B in set A represents everything in set A that is not in set B. This is equivalent to a logical operation using NOT (A NOT B).
The requirement that all of the values in a column are of the same kind is know as the domain integrity constraint.
The attribute on the left side of the functional dependency is called the determinant.
The requirement that, in order to function properly, the primary key must have unique data values for every row in the table is know as the entity integrity constraint.
Deletion anomaly/Insertion anomaly/Update anomaly
